c:\users\minht\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestPush\TestPush\bin\Debug\TestPush.exe.config
c:\users\minht\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestPush\TestPush\bin\Debug\TestPush.exe
c:\users\minht\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestPush\TestPush\bin\Debug\TestPush.pdb
c:\users\minht\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestPush\TestPush\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\minht\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestPush\TestPush\bin\Debug\PushSharp.Amazon.dll
c:\users\minht\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestPush\TestPush\bin\Debug\PushSharp.Apple.dll
c:\users\minht\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestPush\TestPush\bin\Debug\PushSharp.Blackberry.dll
c:\users\minht\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestPush\TestPush\bin\Debug\PushSharp.Core.dll
c:\users\minht\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestPush\TestPush\bin\Debug\PushSharp.Firefox.dll
c:\users\minht\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestPush\TestPush\bin\Debug\PushSharp.Google.dll
c:\users\minht\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestPush\TestPush\bin\Debug\PushSharp.Windows.dll
c:\users\minht\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestPush\TestPush\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\minht\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestPush\TestPush\obj\Debug\TestPush.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\minht\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestPush\TestPush\obj\Debug\TestPush.exe
c:\users\minht\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestPush\TestPush\obj\Debug\TestPush.pdb
C:\Users\minht\OneDrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestPush\TestPush\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Core.dll
C:\Users\minht\OneDrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestPush\TestPush\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.dll
C:\Users\minht\OneDrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestPush\TestPush\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.PlatformServices.dll
C:\Users\minht\OneDrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestPush\TestPush\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Translate.v2.dll
C:\Users\minht\OneDrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestPush\TestPush\bin\Debug\Zlib.Portable.dll
C:\Users\minht\OneDrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestPush\TestPush\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.pdb
C:\Users\minht\OneDrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestPush\TestPush\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.xml
C:\Users\minht\OneDrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestPush\TestPush\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Core.pdb
C:\Users\minht\OneDrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestPush\TestPush\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Core.xml
C:\Users\minht\OneDrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestPush\TestPush\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.PlatformServices.pdb
C:\Users\minht\OneDrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestPush\TestPush\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.PlatformServices.xml
C:\Users\minht\OneDrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestPush\TestPush\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Translate.v2.pdb
C:\Users\minht\OneDrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestPush\TestPush\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Translate.v2.xml
C:\Users\minht\OneDrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TestPush\TestPush\bin\Debug\Zlib.Portable.xml
E:\Project\demo\TestPush\bin\Debug\TestPush.exe.config
E:\Project\demo\TestPush\bin\Debug\TestPush.exe
E:\Project\demo\TestPush\bin\Debug\TestPush.pdb
E:\Project\demo\TestPush\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Core.dll
E:\Project\demo\TestPush\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.dll
E:\Project\demo\TestPush\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.PlatformServices.dll
E:\Project\demo\TestPush\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Translate.v2.dll
E:\Project\demo\TestPush\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
E:\Project\demo\TestPush\bin\Debug\PushSharp.Amazon.dll
E:\Project\demo\TestPush\bin\Debug\PushSharp.Apple.dll
E:\Project\demo\TestPush\bin\Debug\PushSharp.Blackberry.dll
E:\Project\demo\TestPush\bin\Debug\PushSharp.Core.dll
E:\Project\demo\TestPush\bin\Debug\PushSharp.Firefox.dll
E:\Project\demo\TestPush\bin\Debug\PushSharp.Google.dll
E:\Project\demo\TestPush\bin\Debug\PushSharp.Windows.dll
E:\Project\demo\TestPush\bin\Debug\Zlib.Portable.dll
E:\Project\demo\TestPush\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.pdb
E:\Project\demo\TestPush\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.xml
E:\Project\demo\TestPush\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Core.pdb
E:\Project\demo\TestPush\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Core.xml
E:\Project\demo\TestPush\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.PlatformServices.pdb
E:\Project\demo\TestPush\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.PlatformServices.xml
E:\Project\demo\TestPush\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Translate.v2.pdb
E:\Project\demo\TestPush\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Translate.v2.xml
E:\Project\demo\TestPush\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
E:\Project\demo\TestPush\bin\Debug\Zlib.Portable.xml
E:\Project\demo\TestPush\obj\Debug\TestPush.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
E:\Project\demo\TestPush\obj\Debug\TestPush.exe
E:\Project\demo\TestPush\obj\Debug\TestPush.pdb
D:\Project\demo\TestPush\bin\Debug\TestPush.exe.config
D:\Project\demo\TestPush\bin\Debug\TestPush.exe
D:\Project\demo\TestPush\bin\Debug\TestPush.pdb
D:\Project\demo\TestPush\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
D:\Project\demo\TestPush\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
D:\Project\demo\TestPush\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Auth.dll
D:\Project\demo\TestPush\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Auth.PlatformServices.dll
D:\Project\demo\TestPush\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Core.dll
D:\Project\demo\TestPush\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.dll
D:\Project\demo\TestPush\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.PlatformServices.dll
D:\Project\demo\TestPush\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Sheets.v4.dll
D:\Project\demo\TestPush\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Translate.v2.dll
D:\Project\demo\TestPush\bin\Debug\Google.GData.Client.dll
D:\Project\demo\TestPush\bin\Debug\Google.GData.Extensions.dll
D:\Project\demo\TestPush\bin\Debug\Google.GData.Spreadsheets.dll
D:\Project\demo\TestPush\bin\Debug\log4net.dll
D:\Project\demo\TestPush\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
D:\Project\demo\TestPush\bin\Debug\PushSharp.Amazon.dll
D:\Project\demo\TestPush\bin\Debug\PushSharp.Apple.dll
D:\Project\demo\TestPush\bin\Debug\PushSharp.Blackberry.dll
D:\Project\demo\TestPush\bin\Debug\PushSharp.Core.dll
D:\Project\demo\TestPush\bin\Debug\PushSharp.Firefox.dll
D:\Project\demo\TestPush\bin\Debug\PushSharp.Google.dll
D:\Project\demo\TestPush\bin\Debug\PushSharp.Windows.dll
D:\Project\demo\TestPush\bin\Debug\TLog.dll
D:\Project\demo\TestPush\bin\Debug\Zlib.Portable.dll
D:\Project\demo\TestPush\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
D:\Project\demo\TestPush\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
D:\Project\demo\TestPush\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.xml
D:\Project\demo\TestPush\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Auth.xml
D:\Project\demo\TestPush\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Core.xml
D:\Project\demo\TestPush\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Sheets.v4.xml
D:\Project\demo\TestPush\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Translate.v2.xml
D:\Project\demo\TestPush\bin\Debug\log4net.xml
D:\Project\demo\TestPush\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
D:\Project\demo\TestPush\bin\Debug\TLog.pdb
D:\Project\demo\TestPush\bin\Debug\Zlib.Portable.xml
D:\Project\demo\TestPush\obj\Debug\TestPush.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
D:\Project\demo\TestPush\obj\Debug\TestPush.exe
D:\Project\demo\TestPush\obj\Debug\TestPush.pdb
D:\Project\demo\TestPush\obj\Debug\TestPush.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\Project\demo\TestPush\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.dll
D:\Project\demo\TestPush\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
D:\Project\demo\TestPush\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.dll
D:\Project\demo\TestPush\bin\Debug\XMLFile.xml
